README.md, before:

### Constructors and Prototypes

# constructor.js

For this first part of the homework, we are to create a a rectangle and shape constructors.

These two constructors needs to be connected.

Then create a square object from the rectangle constructor and call its area and perimeter functions

# constructor-2.js

For the second part of the homework, we are to create the following constructors: Human, Survivor and Monster

The survivor constructor has an "escape" function where:

if the escape function returns true 
		then console log that the user has won the game, 
	if the escape function returns false 
		then call the attack function on the monster object

For the "attack" function from the monster object:

if the attack function returns a number 
	then subtract that number from the survivor object's health 
	and console log that that you've lost ___ health and now you have a total of this much health: ______.
	if the attack function returns false then
		console log you've dodged the monster's attack!

### Must Haves for the constructor-2.js

inquirer package (npm i inquirer)

Commit message:

- The user will be asked to continue until the health is less than or equal to 0.
Name    :   Maricel Louise Sumulong
Date    :   March 09, 2019 PST
E-mail  :   mllsumulong@gmail.com

README.md, after:

### Constructors and Prototypes

# constructor.js

For this first part of the homework, we are to create a a rectangle and shape constructors.

These two constructors needs to be connected.

Then create a square object from the rectangle constructor and call its area and perimeter functions

# constructor-2.js

For the second part of the homework, we are to create the following constructors: Human, Survivor and Monster

The survivor constructor has an "escape" function where:

if the escape function returns true 
		then console log that the user has won the game, 
	if the escape function returns false 
		then call the attack function on the monster object

For the "attack" function from the monster object:

if the attack function returns a number 
	then subtract that number from the survivor object's health 
	and console log that that you've lost ___ health and now you have a total of this much health: ______.
	if the attack function returns false then
		console log you've dodged the monster's attack!

The user will be asked to continue until the health is less than or equal to 0.

### Must Haves for the constructor-2.js

inquirer package (npm i inquirer)
